c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\file_browsing.dll.config
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\file_browsing.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\file_browsing.pdb
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\obj\Debug\file_browsing.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\obj\Debug\file_browsing.dll
c:\users\вітальчик\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\file_browsing\file_browsing\obj\Debug\file_browsing.pdb
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\file_browsing.dll.config
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\file_browsing.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\file_browsing.pdb
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\obj\Debug\file_browsing.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\obj\Debug\file_browsing.dll
C:\Users\ВІтальчик\Desktop\file_browsing\file_browsing\obj\Debug\file_browsing.pdb
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\file_browsing.dll.config
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\file_browsing.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\file_browsing.pdb
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\obj\Debug\file_browsing.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\obj\Debug\file_browsing.dll
E:\file_browsing\file_browsing\obj\Debug\file_browsing.pdb
